DEVX-2804 - Remove CLI tutorial (#1235)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/beginner-cloud.rst

.. _ccloud-cli-tutorial:

Tutorial: Use |confluent-cli| with |ccloud|
===========================================

This tutorial shows you how to use the |confluent-cli| to interact with
your |ccloud| cluster. It uses real
resources in |ccloud|, and it creates and deletes topics, service accounts,
credentials, and ACLs.

Prerequisites
-------------

-  `Confluent Cloud <https://www.confluent.io/get-started/?product=cloud>`__

-  Local `install of Confluent CLI

>    <https://docs.confluent.io/confluent-cli/current/install.html>`__ (v3.0.0 or later)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <https://docs.confluent.io/confluent-cli/current/install.html>`__ (version 3.0.0 or later)
```

Author: FYI i made this change over in the new location in docs-confluent-cli. https://github.com/confluentinc/docs-confluent-cli/pull/613

> -  See additional Confluent CLI tutorials for producing and consuming events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  For producing and consuming events, see the following |confluent-cli| tutorials: 
```
